# LaughTrackr-Webpage
IAB207 Assessment 2

Languages, frameworks and libraries:
    HTML, CSS and Bootstrap
    Python
    Flask (plus Flask-WTF, Flask-SQLAlchemy, Bootstrap-Flask, Flask-Login and an authentication library e.g., werkzeug or bcrypt)
    WTForms
    SQLAlchemy

Product Backlog:
Functional:
- Landing Page with events user can browse - Text-based search functionality (OPTIONAL).
- Landing page events = Useful overview of event information (inc. event status).
- Event Detail Page = Image of event, Description of event, Date of events and any other helpful contextual information for the user.
- User must be loogged in to buy tickets
- Tickets = Choice of quantity - Order is then generated by the application and the order detail (order ID) presented to user.
- Booking History = Should accurately reflect user's previous booked events
- Logged in user can comment on events - Name of commenter, comment and date can be seen by anybody
- Logged in user can create an event - Event must have ONE of the following statuses: Open, inactive, sold out, or cancelled.
- Logged in users can cancel their own events.
- Logged in user can log out of the app.
- Anybody can register for the site - First Name, Surname, Email, Password, Contact Number and Street Address to be provided.
- Error handling - 404 and 500 errors handled appropriately
- ALL pages should include a navigation menu and utilise data that is dynamically drawn from and stored in the database.

Database:
At least four tables:
- An event table containing the event details – you can add more tables to store more information or you can choose to keep it simple if you see fit.
- A booking table storing information about the price, quantity and date with relationship to a user and an event.
- A user table storing information about users, including their login credentials.
- A comments table.    
 
